Move the content on seed from URI to a new page (#2203)
neo4j/docs-operations: modules/ROOT/pages/database-administration/standard-databases/seed-from-uri.adoc

:page-role: enterprise-edition

> :description: How to create a database using a seed from URI. 

Author: @renetapopova, will we need a `page-aliases` attr here to bind this page with 4.4?

Reviewer: Yes, I think so.

[[database-seed-uri]]

> = Create a database from URI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= Create a database from a URI
```

> = Create a database using seed from URI

Author: ```suggestion
= Create a database from URI
```

This method seeds all databases with an identical seed from an external source, specified by the URI.

> The URI of the seed is specified when the `CREATE DATABASE` command is issued:

Reviewer: A suggestion to avoid using passive voice:
```suggestion
You specify the seed URI as an argument of the `CREATE DATABASE` command:
```
